0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
It is the longest word in the English language published in a dictionary, the Oxford English Dictionary.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
get resource usage

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
16

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
pass by value will use another two struct rusage to store the same value, which means it need additional memory space for the arguments.

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
The for loop read each word's character one at a time from the file (using fgetc()) until reach EOF.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
fgetc() can check each character one at a time and ignore the word once it's length is greater than 45.
fscanf() may have error when the word length is greater than 45.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
Since check and load function only need to read the value of parameters.
Declare parameters as const can ensure that the value of parameters can't be modified.

7. What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure not to leave your answer at just "hash table," "trie," or the like. Expound on what’s inside each of your "nodes."
tries.
typedef struct node
{
    bool is_word;
    struct node* children[27];
}
node;

8. How slow was your code the first time you got it working correctly?
TIME IN TOTAL: 0.15

9. What kinds of changes, if any, did you make to your code in order to improve its performance?
Can't figure out any changes to improve the performance.

10. Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to chip away at?
The bottlenecks maybe at the children array of struct node pointers.
