0. How many different colors does each format support?
BMP: 24-bit color
GIF: 8-bit color
JPEG: 24-bit color
PNG: 24-bit color

1. Which of the formats supports animation?
GIF

2. What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
Lossy means the image is made (even) smaller, but at a detriment to the quality. If you saved an image in a Lossy format over and over, the image quality would get progressively worse and worse.
Lossless means that the image is made smaller, but at no detriment to the quality.

3. Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
JPEG

4. What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
When the operating system erases a FAT file, two things occur. 
First, the system modifies the filename’s first character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters. 
The actual file data is never touched.

5. What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
Overwriting the drive’s data.

6. What’s stdint.h?
This header defines a set of integral type aliases with specific width requirements, along with macros specifying their limits and macro functions to create values of these types.

7. What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
These functions are a cross-platform implementation of a standard data type.

8. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
BYTE: 1 byte
DWORD: 4 bytes
LONG: 4 bytes
WORD: 2 bytes

9. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
BM

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
bfSize: entire file's size in bytes
biSize: the size of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure in bytes

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
The bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
biBitCount

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
The file is opened unsuccessfully.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
Read one element at a time.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
3

16. What does fseek do?
Sets the position indicator associated with the stream to a new position.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
Current position of the file pointer.

18. Whodunit?
